= DESCRIPTION:

Recipe that installs rails applications. It creates a shell user for each app. 

= REQUIREMENTS:

It uses apache2 definition to create virtualhosts. 
It's necessary to add the application's shell users via Users recipe.

= ATTRIBUTES: 

You can define several rails applications in the file attributes/default.rb. 
Each application is part of the Mash [:railssites] with the following attributes:
     * server_name: virtualhost for the app.
     * user: desired shell user.
     * dbname: database name.
     * dbuser: database user.
     * dbpass: database password.
     * dbhost: database host. This four attributes are used to create database.yml
     * ssl: set to true if you want ssl support
     * certificatechainfile: set to true if your ssl config needs a certificate chain file
     * config_files: an array of additional configuration files for the app.
= USAGE:

Include the recipe to install as many rails applications as are configured 
in the attributes. The recipe has support for ssl sites, crontabs, creating 
database.yml files and adding custom files to shared rails application dir.

If you want ssl support, besides adding setting ssl certificate to true you have to 
add the .key and .crt files as server.key and server.cert in files/default/
If you also need certificate chain file support set the attribute to true and
add the .crt file to files/default/ as caauthority.crt

== Defines: 

* railssite: that creates all the infraestructure behind a rails app.

== Crontabs: 

* There's also another recipe that can be used to install crontabs, you have 
to add the crontab as a File resource with the following sintaxis appname.crontab

= LICENSE & AUTHOR:

Author:: Jacobo García López de Araujo (<jacobo.garcia@gmail.com>)
Copyright:: 2009, Jacobo García López de Araujo.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
